Pathway
0
You are along a pathway.
You are along a pathway.
END

Room
1
You are in your room.
You are in your room. Your roommate doesn't seem to be home right now, but there's an open bottle of soda on their desk.
On your bed near the window, your comforter lays rumpled and unmade, calling to you; you had left early this morning in
a panic, trying to find all your lost things.
END

St. George Subway Station
2
You are in St. George Subway Station. If you had your presto card you could take the 1-line down to the other end of
campus.
You are in St. George Subway Station. You hear a subway train arrive. There are many people around, rushing to get where
they need to go. One of them is clearly a U of T student athlete, with a logo on their backpack and embroidered
lettering that says 'hockey' on it. Over the barrier, you can see stairs leading towards the platforms. If you had your
presto card you could take the 1-line down to the other end of campus.
END

EJ Pratt
3
You are on the first floor of EJ Pratt Library.Yesterday, there hadn't been any cubicles open, but today the library is
nearly empty.
You are on the first floor of EJ Pratt Library which is located on the Victoria University campus (which is 'affiliated'
with U of T but not actually part of U of T. But Victoria College is part of U of T? It's confusing.) Yesterday, there
hadn't been any cubicles open, so you had to study in the quiet zone, but today the library is nearly empty. Too bad you
need to find your things and make your exam on time, this would've been an amazing time to study.
END

University College
4
You are in the main entryway of University College.
You are in the main entryway of University College. The founding college of U of T, this college is so old that it even
has its own ghost stories. University College is also a maze - you only know the way to your math tutorial classroom and
back. Getting anywhere else means getting yourself very lost.
END

Myhal
5
You are on the first floor of Myhal. Yesterday, you attended a last-minute review session in MY102 for the exam you're
taking today.
You are on the first floor of Myhal Centre. You always seem to bump into your engineering friends in this building
(probably because it's called Myhal Centre for ENGINEERING and Innovation), either studying on the 5th or 8th floors or
on their way to class. This building is home to MY102, one of the nicest lecture halls you've ever had lecture in (there
are outlets everywhere!). Yesterday, you attended a last-minute review session in MY102 for the exam you're taking
today.
END

Bahen Centre
6
You are on the first floor of Bahen Centre. The Computer Science Student Union office is in this building.
You are on the first floor of Bahen Centre. There's usually a good amount of people here, but today it's quiet. All the
engineers and computer science students must be out studying in the library, at their dorms, taking their exams, or
getting food. Come to think of it, the Computer Science Student Union office is on the second floor of this
building, and they always have snacks for sale.
END

Convocation Hall
7
You are in Convocation Hall.
You are in Convocation Hall, the largest lecture hall campus. First year introductory courses are usually held here, but
there are no tables or outlets, and the seats are uncomfortable. Thankfully, you don't have any more classes for
the year, so goodbye Convocation, until next year!
END

King's College Circle
8
You are at the bottom of King's College Circle.
You are at the bottom of King's College Circle. Located in the centre of campus, King's College Circle is a really nice
spot for a nap when it's sunny and warm in the spring. Usually, there are quite a few people hanging out in groups on
the grass, but today, not so much (probably due to exams).
END

Robarts Library
9
You are on the first floor of Robarts Library. There is a sign pointing to the East that says "Robarts Commons."
You are on the first floor of Robarts Library. Students come here to study during exam season, especially because they
can stay overnight. Usually, there's the sound of students entering and exiting the library, but today it is strangely
silent. Above you, there is a sign pointing to the East, that says "Robarts Commons".
END

Robarts Commons
10
You are in Robarts Commons. There is a sign pointing to the West that says "Robarts Library".
You are in Robarts Commons. Most students come here to study with their friends, especially during exam season, because
there aren't as many noise restrictions and you can eat there! Usually, Robarts Commons is packed, but today there's
just a few people around cramming in last-minute studying. You can even see someone napping (probably after pulling an
all-nighter). There is a sign pointing to the West that says "Robarts Library".
END

Chestnut Residence
11
You are on the first floor of Chestnut Residence. You visited your friend here yesterday.
You are on the first floor of Chestnut Residence. Yesterday, you visited one of your Life Science friends at their dorm
here for a mental break from studying, and then to study some more (studying is better with company:)). From where you
are, you can see the CN tower. University is hard, but at least the view is nice <3
END

Exam Centre
12
You are in the lobby of the Exam Centre. You can't take the exam unless you have your T-Card, lucky pen and cheat sheet.
You are in the lobby of the Exam Centre, where you will take your exam. Although there is still time before the exam
begins, there are already a lot of students milling around. You can see various emotions flickering across their faces:
dread, anxiety, fear, confidence, and even... excitement? Some people are just built differently. You cannot start your
exam until you have collected your T-Card, your lucky pen, and your cheat sheet, so hurry and go find them fast!
END

Blocked
-1
That way is blocked.
That way is blocked.
END
